Don't dare to riot
Mr. Gu, I will take good care of your people.
You let people study
That's how you protect
Hey, Mr. Gu
You are mistaken.
This practitioner is Lin Yoyo
The person I want to protect is Lin Youyou
Mr. Lin Yoyo Gu
Isn't this stone your son?
What's the matter with the stone?
It was the stone that framed Lin Yoyo for stealing something
But don't worry.
Surveillance, I have erased it.
No one knows about it except you and me.
Hey
roll
This stone and Lin Yoyo
Who is Mr. Gu's son?
Big families are messy
I accidentally got on the wrong side
You made a mistake and don't know how to admit it, do you?
What's wrong?
Ask him yourself.
Learning to steal at a young age
And slandered other students
Our Gu family does not have such a thing.
You can scrap it but not replace it.
Uh oh
Is there any misunderstanding in the middle of Gushan?
Take him now
Our family of three will go to Lin San to apologize now.
Can't go